I'm in all right now he's coming for
Kira off somehow well Cyrus you have the
manager hat so I'm shit do I yeah that's
your position I'm gonna be the best
manager ever Oh God um what's password
rats that's where it is rats all
lowercase and then I think it helps
connecting speed if you spam the refresh
button but that's just a theory oh hey
there's kero kero scott the yarmulke and
virus has the manager hat what do I have
only the guide waist like baseball cap
thing oh well that's also what you have
oh shit so are we cope we're co-managers
what we killed the real manager yeah I
know what put all the burgers on the
plates are often side like that that
works oh no I have an idea these don't
look enough to care of it you donate the
red you're gonna I'm gonna use the money
to try and block off the rats at their
spawn point good luck why do we already
have rats did we drop snake they spawned
when I came back here well they only go
for food yeah the only girl for us
someone just fucking drop something Kira
you it's all on the counter Kira okay it
has to be on a plate on where it was or
on the stove or it attracts rats it god
damn it you're just if they come back
I'll beat them with me thank you as long
as it's on the ground to drown than
we've learnt us you to drown them and
cook them then they're 10 but oh the
best way to kill not when we for making
good fucking progress look at all that
cook burgers we have okay two people two
people up here one a double cheese okay
okay
what we can do is we can use like the
this desk here it's like okay I'm gonna
I'm going to put it on I'm going to put
it on the menu I'm going to put one to
two needs a double cheese that's not the
right one okay the orders are up on the
menu your crib alone taking okay I put
both the orders for the counter up on
the menu okay can you just throw this
burger out cuz it looks stupid yes no
one won't take this guy like three
cheese on it perfect it's a three cheese
burger no don't release got a really
nice workers oh it's it's here you got a
nice assembly thing going on except
about video cuts like a pirate hat yeah
it's like a baby flip this patty over
the couch Oh have it baby I'm sorry oh
no you're Ava's not pitted no no you
gotta line up the shadows learned I've
got this I have a better burger we're
just I'm just gonna I'm just gonna stand
here at fucking of horse teeth like I'm
waiting I'm waiting you put some meat on
put one more cheese and a bun we got a
fish it we are and I've got oh shit oh
shit oh shit okay oh just bury myself in
honey never come back no week itself
shit oh god the cheese is wedged the
fuck
oh this is no good at all oh I'm
stupidest we didn't even make one
fucking burger and Cyrus is already
fucking quit where are you taking the
money we're not lucky God if you put our
money in this thing yeah I don't think
that this fun jeez it's fine kirov just
put it like that hey Cyrus I found the
key to spawn tomatoes so I'm just gonna
lay a bunch of tomatoes outside no it
makes things break it says right here
the notes that's spot too much pee
breaks things okay breaks things oh I
don't know how it breaks for him stiffen
someone that's very good wait no that
was a fun that wasn't what's going on
here mm-hm there it's a toasted fun do
we do toasted buns here Cyrus it doesn't
look toasted that looks burnt Cyrus why
did you serve this to this woman it's
it's a patty off the tray and then a
cheese piercing of fun it's our
specialty key Oh where's the fun top
I'll take it to the customer I'll take
it to the hungry customer why are you
trying to do a fucking musical take it
to Harrison treat us alone here Cyrus
cheer up and I got one so it's good did
you all make a efficient actual burger
okay okay did any of you come close to
it
well who actually did make a burger it
fell apart when we tried to put it on
the plate it was it was on the plate if
fell apart when we connected picked up
okay okay I'm so done wait a minute I've
got why is there money in the sink Cyrus
I'm doing the best I can you're fucking
you're fading fast all right then I knew
your system to keep you in line here we
go this is my new system hang on and
it's going to take some hargett hard-ass
computing work Boop a hill for every
burger I don't know for every burger on
number four is a strike against Cyrus to
get full you're out of here open you up
on the board why is it to red card it's
not a red card